ACP-5302: Added missing and adjusted incorrect ACP installation steps (#3219)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/dg/dev/acp/install-prerequisites-and-enable-acp.md

8. In `KernelAppDependencyProvider.php`, enable the following module plugins:

| PLUGIN | REQUIRED | DESCRIPTION |
| - | - | - |
| OAuthRequestExpanderPlugin | Yes | Expands the request with an OAuth token. |

> | MerchantAppRequestExpanderPlugin | No | Optional: Expands the request with the merchant app data. Only relevant for marketplace demoshop setups. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MerchantAppRequestExpanderPlugin | No | Optional: Expands the request with the merchant app data. Only relevant for marketplace projects with Merchant Portal. |
```

    {
        return [
            new OAuthRequestExpanderPlugin(),

>             new MerchantAppRequestExpanderPlugin(), // Optional: Only for marketplace demoshop setups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            new MerchantAppRequestExpanderPlugin(), // Optional: Only for marketplace projects with Merchant Portal
```
